Minor changes to allow generating xcube datasets from BC Sentinel-2 data (#357)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.5.2 (in development)
* `xcube gen` can now interpret `start_date` and `stop_date` from a netcdfs attributes. This is relevant for using

>   `xcube gen` for Sentinel-2 data processed and provided by Brockmann Consult. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `xcube gen` for Sentinel-2 Level 2 data products generated and provided by Brockmann Consult. 
```
